The sages think themselves to be all-knowing
But we alone are wise to the virtue in those acts of folly
In this war, not even a single pawn may be spared...
Because on this chessboard, "checkmate" is not where the game ends
We are gathered here today to remember our dear comrade
In honor of her sacrifice, all work should halt for half a day as the nation mourns her passing
Hehe, merely half a day...
People say the Northland Bank's true currencies are blood and tears...
But Mayor, even speaking as a banker, that sounds a little unconscionable
Rosalyne died in a foreign land...
But you heartless businessmen and dignitaries
Always with a convenient excuse to remain in the comfort of your homeland...
You couldn't hope to understand
So why don't you keep your mouths shut!
We don't want to make the children cry...
Hey, c'mon now, even I don't think this is the right time or place for a fight
Utterly risible!
Though her methods tarnished her honor, Lohefalter's sacrifice is a great pity
Her loss shall not hinder our progress. But Dottore...
What of Scaramouche and the Gnosis from Inazuma?
Conventional wisdom holds that Divine Knowledge cannot be rationally comprehended
After conquering the Divine Gaze, he will make his next move
It's time to end tonight's foolish theatrics. Right now, you have no captive audience
Let every worthy sacrifice be carved in ice, and with this nation endure for all time
In the name of Her Majesty, the Tsaritsa, we will seize authority from the gods...
Absolute peace
Such is the gift from the Tsaritsa, such is Her Majesty's benevolence
Now you rest in this coffin, encased in layer upon layer of ice
But, Rosalyne, I promise you...
Your final resting place will be the entirety of the "Old World"...
I must say, you're looking very young today, Doctor
You know very well that I do not take that as a compliment
So, where's the Segment in the prime of his life, then?
Heh, he's busy with... a little experiment in "blasphemy"
Collei, time to head out on patrol
Ah, okay, Master Tighnari!
What was that...